# LevateLib
Accessiblity Needs: We want to bring these very important people the access to the world we all know, while not being bound to a wheelchair.  Just think of simple tasks that we all take for granted because we are not bound to a chair level height.  Something as mundayne to us as cooking on a stovetop can be a very hard tasks.  With the upgrading of a house to allow for such items can be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars.  Most of these wonderful people do not have that kind of money.  Therefore the need for lifts and devices that help us all reach our goals for fractions of the cost is what we at Levaté are trying to achieve.  These libraries and devices allow for us all to reach our friends, family and loved ones that chance.

Levaté libraries for the development of accessibility products is here for you and them.  Cut your development time dramatically with the Levaté Libraries, features and funcions.
These development libraries are developed with the Levaté custom IC's for all communications via Bluetooth (c).  This IC handles all of the safety, protocols, and ID's required to communicate safely over Bluetooth.  You can focus on the essential needs of your development cycle or cycles to bring your rapid prototyping scenarios to light.  These libraries will allow you to spend far less time on the tedious underlying code knowing that all of that work has been performed by the Levaté team.  No guess work as to how to communicate with our various parts made available to you the developer to help our accessibility needs.   
